Minor fixes to performance troubleshooting guide (#17221)
metabase/metabase: docs/troubleshooting-guide/performance.md

> # Performance

Author: I'm not sure what we'd say - if we change the title to "Metabase seems to be running slowly" (or whatever grammatical form you choose) will that take care of it?

**How to detect this:** Open the Admin Panel, go to "Settings", and look in the "Caching" tab to see whether caching is enabled or not.

**How to fix this:** [This guide][admin-caching] explains how to change the minimum query duration (we cache anything that takes longer than that to run) and the maximum cache size for each query result. You may need to experiment with these values over several days to find the best balance.

### The answer you want isn't cached

Each question (and any filter combination) is its own query, so if different users are viewing the same question with different filters, each will have to load once before it's cached. This is particularly obvious with [data sandboxing][data-sandboxing]: filtering the data based on the user's identity means that each user's question is slightly different.

Additionally, since cached values are stored in the application database they will still be there if Metabase restarts, but only if the cache duration is still valid. 

> **How to detect this:** If you are sure that caching is enabled (discussed above), then look at Metabase's logs or in the server's logs to see when it was last restarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**How to detect this:** If you are sure that caching is enabled (discussed above), then look at Metabase's logs or in the server's logs to see why it might not use cache for the specific question.
```

> **How to fix this:** If the problem is due to a restart breaking the cache, re-running questions will make it go away. If performance problems are caused by data sandboxing, you may want to consider enlarging the cache.

Reviewer: Neither of those are correct. Restart won't break cache, and cache can be "infinite" (just depending on the maximum records or table size in the application database)
```suggestion
**How to fix this:** 
```
